door thank you gotta be stopped in that
ha ha ha door
yeah yeah see all the can diseases
and this is the final product um eggs
good apakah partitioning you fine and
you - Ricky I'm making film lol Oh Sybil
one night I was looking walking I'm
making oh yeah I make a small citrus
juice embellished optic I might see you
I pick up I'd be singing I make it fail
mastered okay all the way Challon disini
this evening I went all the way Seminyak
jalan-jalan hi Willa
I'm Elliott oh okay make a film their
comeback makan yeah hello bye under star
cruiser I make a feeling that bullet
yeah yeah okay
Bacchus they see me
yeah business today a little bit oh okay
better than nothing yeah I walk around a
bit up there and come back McCann yeah I
speak to you again you know
and it is defined from Bali garden and
for first my familiar our
this is the boardwalk again and that
Sanders stretches from ocean's 20
certain sister stays a club protocol
that's infectious Matic this comes home
yeah here and here and here and back you
so much
yeah managers mirror my income nobody
health of thorns in this city
there's an economic imbalance there and
you have to this
Menshevik adoption and she come out hour
later and